Oracle feature (#75)
autonity/docs.autonity.org: content/docs/reference/codebase/_index.md

Autonity is a fork of Geth.

For the base Geth golang reference documentation see [Go Ethereum v1.10.16 <i class='fas fa-external-link-alt'></i>](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum@v1.10.16) on `pkg.go.dev`.

> For the Solidity reference documentation see [Solidity v0.8.3 <i class='fas fa-external-link-alt'></i>](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.3/index.html).

Reviewer: We are on `v0.8.19` now, but I don't think we need to give a version here, just link to the latest:

```suggestion
For the Solidity reference documentation see [Solidity<i class='fas fa-external-link-alt'></i>](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/).
```

Reviewer: @cmjc
